This is basically a changelog but we're too early in development to call it that. 
This is both to indicate progress and as interteam communication.
Don't edit previous entries, if you forgot to mention something just speak of it later.

Wed Aug 24: 
	Added sound effects like jumping
	Fixed a few models, implemented switching between _activated's
	Added timer system EXAMPLE 
		Entity(G.CurrentMap,x,y + 50,prop) becomes G.Timer(60,1,Entity,G.CurrentMap,x,y + 50,prop)

Tue Aug 2:
	Entities can now roll, and have Xfriction (currently they have the same friction while in the air too, unsure if this is undesired), both are modelinfo's.
	Yes I know rolling looks really choppy, its because the image is resizing, I'll need to draw images from the center outwards to correct it...
	The objects players carry now have collisions.
	Player collisions sometimes mess up a tiny bit, more testing required <- Damn right, I can use the spheres to throw myself through walls! XD
	Nonplayer entities now have x collisions

Mon Aug 1:
	Created a C module (physbr.c/physbr.pyd) we can offload costly tasks to... unfortunately it has a significant overhead when getting parameters from python
	
Sat July 30:
	Changed collisions to now have pent-up force (instead of stopping dead). For example, a dropped cube bounces a little.
	Created a framework for wiring elements.

Thur July 28:
	Added model data for stuff like mass and the type of entity.
	LETS SEE SOME MUSIC IN HERE PEOPLE <-Look in /music silly. GOOD WORK IN HERE PEOPLE I THINK YOU MEAN "PERSON"
	Changed grabbing ents to be E, only prop entities can be grabbed.
	Added ply.FacingLeft and autogenning the animations. Also centered the dude so movement is faster
	Width and height are now derived from hitmasks, hitmasks are now optimized to be as small as possible (the smallest square that the pixels can fit in, trimming away bits)
	All hitmasks, and width/height data, is now stored in G.HitmasksCache, which is saved to a single compressed file with insane savings! (the 4 models we had totaled 280kb, the new compressed file is under 2kb)

Wed July 27:
	Added copytoclipboard(text) crossplatform
	Middleclicking now copys "x,y" coordinates to clipboard [line 243]
	Entities besides player now have gravity
	Player can pick up ents by clicking and holding on them <-The coobs don't collide SIDEWAYS with one another for some reason. Picked up shit has no collisions, working on it
	Camera scrolls as player moves
	Playermodel now has basic animation